Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in this lecture, we're going to view the bottom navigation bar.
So we are going to be able to navigate between pages within our hub.
Now, currently we are logged in and we are currently at the home page.
Now that's a quote from that strategy home page.
What you can do is to go to the terminal, then you terminar, then you're going to see the debug console,
then click on it.
Now you can see currently we are at the home screen.
That is the home page, right?
Okay.
Now what we're going to do in this lecture is now going to create the bottom navigation bar.
And the reason for this is we want to be able to navigate to different pages within our hub.
Okay?
Now to do this, we're going to go to the home screen.
So first of all, I'm going to remove this, then I'm going to go to Fry's, then I'm going to go to
home screen.
Okay?
Now I want to use Control and V to make this wide.
Then first of all, I want to remove this set of widgets.
So this is going to highlight first, then use control and dots.
Sorry.
Control and.
Okay.
They're going to click on remove this widget.
Now if I use an and to.
You can see it's no longer the at the center.
Okay.
Now we also got to do now is sort of the view the bottom navigation bar.
So to do this within the scaffold are going to say bottom navigation bar.
We can as say bottom.
Navigational bar.
But I'm going to be using the Covaxin or Saba, which is similar to the bottle shop, but as so as trust
ties.
So I'm going to see.
No.
Top story top.
But.
What's in the tub.
Okay.
Now as well are going to pass in the items.
Now we have a five.
Buzz.
Okay.
So to do that over these items, that is you can see these items is a list, right?
So we're going to have five items.
So we're going to say bottom.
Bottom navigation bar tab.
For the icon, you're going to use the icon widget.
So this is going to be icons dot home.
Okay.
Now also, you're going to make this icon big.
So you're going to pass in the size of probably 30.
Okay.
Now we're going to have a little bit to it.
We can see this is the home.
Screen or the whole page.
Okay.
Now, I would had my credit karma.
Then I'm just going to copy this.
And.
Paste of two five terms, that is four more times.
So this is to see three, four and five.
Okay.
Now for the.
Second icon is going to be such.
So there's a switch screen.
Okay.
So there's going to be a switch.
Now, in the future, we're going to customize this trade icon.
So for dinner, I'm just going to leave it with the whole icon.
So for the fourth icon, there's going to be icons dot.
Message.
Okay.
So over here, the labor says can be messages.
Now for the future icon.
Icon dot.
Preston.
And we can see the.
Sorry.
You can see this is the profile.
Screen.
Okay, is what gets get rid of this, get shredded comma.
So this should be size.
Yes.
Okay, great.
Now, when I use control and s to save a okay, we should automatically give us a very good format.
Okay.
I'm just had my chair collider.
So.
Yeah.
As well.
Good.
Now.
Check it out.
Okay.
Now what you can do.
You can make this background black as well.
So to do that.
Over years.
I'm just gonna break this down, okay?
You can't say background color.
We can use our background color we have in the closet.
Okay.
Let me check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, you can see this selected item is.
That is the greatest color.
So what you can do, you can see the selected item or this artsy or should this something else.
So to do that.
Over here as well.
He's going to break this down.
You can see at sea of color.
Who wants to color to be close?
Thoughts, Red.
Okay.
But check it out.
Now, this is the conference page.
We are.
We are currently in the home screen, so it speaks to the red collar.
So all these are the Nazis icons, right?
So as well.
We can see for the inactive hollow.
That is the page we are not in.
We want to call lots of colors towards white.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Great.
Okay.
19 is nature.
They're going to make this all applicable.
But before then I'm going to do some YouTube bits, modification of others, log in screen.
Now we know what we are typing the password.
We don't want it to be visible to anyone.
So what you can do, which in the test should I think have something known as of secured or secured
says.
So you can set it to true.
So whenever we are typing the password, the what if nobody is going to see it's also going to go to
the side of.
I think we also have the password there looking for the password as well.
I want to see how secure says to true.
So we want the password to be invisible.
Okay, great.
So then in this lecture, I want to make this clickable.
So they're going to be able to navigate to pages.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.